Screens:
- Caves of Mars title/splash screen
- story screen
- class selection screen
- play screen
    + maps: surface, upper caves, gateway boss cave, lower tunnels
- item selection screen
- falling animation screen

- 

Game Jam Goals:

- split messaging display into a separate screen than the main map/play area
  + implement message history system

- refactor fog of war to use a secondary map rather than the live map (i.e. avoid showing distant map changes)

- design and implement a richer melee combat system (at the least, split out hitting, damaging, other hit effects, dodging, damage resistance, and on-being-hit effects)

- integrate thrown/fired items into the combat system

- design and implement a simple loot system (or, rather, give appropriate items to appropriate NPCs, and have those items be used)

- design and implement a simple keyed-door system
  
- boss key gives you access to win state


standard starting gear:

JATT - Jack-of-All-Trades-Tool - shovel/pick/axe/staff/prybar
HEM Suit (badly damaged)- Hostile Environment Mitigation Suit
Multitool - [leatherman]
Comm Unit (broken)
HEM Pack (broken) - (heater, oxy tanks, etc.)
Headlamp
powerbars
analyzer

TODO NEXT:

1. make help & messages external to the game window
1.5.  persistent common key bindings

2. inventory drop support multi-select

3. richer inventory management system - weight and volume attributes
4. automatic sorting/grouping of things in inventory
5. arbitrarily many slots
6. stacking of items


9. ranged combat system remembers last target and ammo, offers default options for each
9.5 ammo has individual destruction chance, modified by the shooter (using same stats as for damage?)

10. add new entity: small martian
11.    which can pick up and equip items it finds (5 inven slots)
11.5      need a value metric function for things that can be found/gotten - should have option of spec-ing direct values for items, but the function shoudl also support inspection-based valuation)
12.    and which uses a more interesting / better wander mechanism
13.    and drop inventory on death

15. LOOT (loot tables (re-read blog post); drop rate; etc.)
        oozes sometimes drop loot
        give small martians some starting loot

20. crafting system!



42.5 consider a spore-y mass repository w/ different kinds of spore-y masses that grow on different things (even consider making this prodecurally generated - can dynamically set targets, exclusions, rates, etc.)
42.75 consider docile fungi occasionally spawning nearby spore-y masses that share the same traits



70. design/implement alternate path to victory(ish) - post death, if killed at least one ooze and at least one fungus, or if killed by fungus, option to revive and play as a fungal zombie - food consumption increases dramatically, allied with fungus, no further equipping, but still can level/improve
